Bengt/specs consistency/base ledger (#94)
anoma/namada-docs: packages/specs/pages/base-ledger.mdx

# Base ledger

The base ledger of Namada includes a [consensus mechanism](./base-ledger/consensus.md) and a validity-predicate based [execution system](./base-ledger/execution.md). 

## Consensus

> The consensus mechanism on Namada provides an algorithmic way for validators to communicate votes and collectively agree on a consistent state. The algorithim, coupled with a cryptoeconomic assurance called "proof of stake", ensures that non-colluding validators acting in their (economic) self interest will follow the consensus algorithm in a predictable manner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The consensus mechanism on Namada provides an algorithmic way for validators to communicate votes and collectively agree on a consistent state. The algorithm, coupled with a cryptoeconomic voting power allocation mechanism called "proof of stake", is designed so that that non-colluding validators acting in their (economic) self interest will follow the consensus algorithm in a predictable manner.
```
